It was a boring sunday.Alan decided to go out to get some fresh air 
then all of a sudden he gets a phone call from an unknown number...

Alan decided to lift up the call. "Hello?". He heard no response. "Hello?....Hello?".
Then all of a sudden he heard strange noises, it sounded like an interrogation. "Tell me where it is, or else...",
"Please- please dont kill me....i dont know, i honestly dont know....i got a family...plea-".
the suddenly Alan heard two gunshots and an intense yell from the guy. They must have butt-dialed him somehow,
but now Alan was a witness to something he wouldnt have guessed would happen. 
The call was still going on...he heard a man, "MAKE him talk". He understood the man who was shot was still alive.
He immediately went home and continued to listen to the call.
He heard a car pull up and the man getting into the car.
Two men were talking, "We need
him to speak....he's the only lead we've got to finding our package".
"Isn't he just a bank clerk??...How are you so sure he knows about it at all?".
"There's security cam footage of him bumping with a guy in a bus station and exchanging similar looking packages".
"He might have exchanged the package by mistake".
"Whatever it is....we need to find out....".
"Which bus station by the way??"
"The one at 12th of st. pedral, 2 min from our drop point"
Alan immediately got up from his chair and started to look at a map.
He circled the 12th of st. pedral and started calculating and circling places 2 min away from the bus station.
"Dude, what are u doing?"asked Alan's roommate."Get out and leave me alone"replied Alan.
"I'm about to crack a case..."He murmured to himself....   
He immediatley then ended the phone call because it no longer felt safe to be listening.
"okay Eric, I think i found something,There's an old monument that people haven't been visiting since years and that's the only place anyone could try attempt a murder!" Alan said to his roommate.
"How fast can you get us there?" He added.
"um..15? It's not really close" Eric replied in confusion.
"Let's go, Eric!". Alan and Eric ran out the house and drove away.
They reached the monument but,there were no signs of people there. It was a cold breezy night and the sound of dry leaves beneath thier feet was all that was heard. They kept moving forward.
"Alan.....look there..." Eric said. There was a man tied to a chair.
Alan ran towards him. "Sir... are okay? sir....!" .
"I think he's de.a.d.." Eric stammered.
Alan was worried and sad that he couldn't save the man in time. 
Eric immediatly started checking through the man's pockets.
"Alan, I think we got something here." Holding a small book and phone in his hand.
Alan grabbed them and went through them. The book had writtings that weren't understandable and every call in his phone were from different numbers.
"I think it's coded..."Eric said.
Alan was so confused and he was filled with questions. If this man was just a bank clerk why would he have writtings coded in a book?
How is he related to that package? Who did he give it to? What was in that package ? Why was he ready to die instead of telling the truth?
How are they connected? Did I come all the way to save the wrong man?
"Alan!! This isn't safe anymore we have to go do you understand me?" Eric said.
Just when they were about the leave... "Turn around now!" A female's voice was heard...
As they slowly turned around, they found themselves at gunpoint."You've come at a very wrong time, Alan", she snarled."Who are you?How do you know my name?"
"All in good time, let's go now!"she ordered instinctively pointing the gun and guiding us towards the exit. As they made their way towards the car, endless questions swarmed through Alan's mind.'Was all of this planned?', 'Was he the rightful recipient to that phone call?','Is he walking into a death trap?'.
A blue honda civic surrounded by two tall daunting men didn't help ease his mind.
Eric had the same fazed look in his eyes, for a brief moment they made eye contact, Alan tried giving him a reassuring look,
everything will be okay he wanted to say, but he wasn't certain either.
Mustering all his courage he asked, "Who are you? Where are you taking us?", a quick blow to his head left him cold, his vision blurred and quickly shrouded by darkness.
I don't know for how long I was out, when i got up I found my self in an empty warehouse lying on the bed and Eric was beside me sitting down silently.
She asked me "Are you hurt ? I am sorry if my men hurt you", i was still in a dilemma and was trying to process what was going on around me. "I am Sarah, We are from FBI", she said showing me her badge.
It actually gave me a sense of relief to hear that they were cops. "An agent has gone rouge in our department and he wants to kill all the people who are related to his wife's murder". 
I could see that Eric's expression on his face was a bit better.
"They killed him when i was on the call ",i said. I told them what actually happened and how i ended up in that place. Sarah wanted to go and check the bus stop for further clues.
She insisted us to stay at the safe house till they return but we were not ready to listen. 
We went with them and found nothing .Pointing towards the camera i said," let us check the cc tv camera footage because the men were actually talking about how some package got misplaced".
We went to the traffic headquarters and when we checked the footage we found the victim bumping into some one at the bus stop.
We ran a facial recognition test on the person and found out that boy had no criminal record earlier. It did not make sense. we found out his address and went to the place to meet him to find any evidence. 
When we went to the place to meet the person he was just a school going boy . when we asked his about his baggage he said it was true
and he gave us the misplaced baggage. It contained a a completely sealed packet and a paper with a code on it.
Then we took it to the safe house to examine that and found that the packet contained heroin and when we compared the code in the victim's
diary it was a match and that code was the key to cracking the code.
After decryption we found out that the code in the persons diary contained an account details with password .
After tracing that to the owner we found that it had 1 million dollars and was sent from another bank account.
And again it was traced to a rich guy who lived in the most dangerous part of the city, he owned and controlled most of the city and
was responsible for many crimes but the authorities did not have enough proof to take him down. 
And then we cross-checked the guy's picture with the bus stop footage and found him checking the bus stop for  something
which proved that it was a murder due to a drug business gone wrong.
The FBI went to the rich guy's place to arrest him and justice was served accordingly.
"By the way how did you know my name ?", I asked Sarah in wonder ,"I heard your friend call you by that name when i reached the place,
it did not require much of skills to hear two people speaking" she said laughing.
=======

With immense hesitation and reluctance, Alan finally accepted the call.
A voice from the other side asked, "Why don't you accept my Pull Request?!"

